更新翻译模型资源 (#1938)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/asset/model/mesh.md

When the model asset file (`.fbx` or `.gltf`) is selected in the __Assets__ panel, the properties of the model asset can be set in the __Inspector__ panel.

### Model Module

![mesh_model](mesh/mesh_model.png)

| Property | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| Normals | Normals import setting, including the following four options:<br>1. **Optional**: Import normals only if the model file contains normals.<br>2. **Exclude**: Do not import normals.<br>3. **Required**: Import normals that are contained in the model file, or recalculate if not contained. It is recommended to use this option if the model data itself is fine, without additional processing.<br>4. **Recalculate**: Recalculate normals and import, ignoring whether if the model file contain normals. Selecting this option will increase the calculated amount, but it will eliminate the subsequent problems caused by the absence of normalization of the model's original normal data. |
| Tangents | Tangents import setting, including Optional, Exclude, Require and Recalculate four options, option feature can refer to the description of **Normals**, the two are not very different. |

> | Morph Normals | Import the deformation normal information, including: <br>Optional: Import only the deformation normals contained in the model file, for cases where you know your model data very well.<br>Exclude: Not to import deformation normals. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Morph Normals | Import the deformation normal information, including: <br>**Optional**: Import only the deformation normals contained in the model file, for cases where you know your model data very well.<br>**Exclude**: Not to import deformation normals. |

```

- Click the **-** button in the red box on the image to delete the currently selected animation file

### Material Module

![mesh_material](mesh/mesh_material.png)

The top half of the properties are described below, while the bottom half shows the materials contained in the current model.

| Property | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| Dump material | It is possible to customize or modify the material that comes with the model file. Enable this option to dump the material files in the file structure directory out of the model assets for modifying the materials. |
| Material dumper directory | Specify or view the directory location for the dumped files. |
| Use vertex colors | Whether to use vertex colors. |
| Depth-write if blending | Enable depth-write when Alpha mode is **Blend**. |

> ### FBX 模块

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### FBX Module

```

- Click the **-** button in the red box on the image to delete the currently selected animation file

### Material Module

![mesh_material](mesh/mesh_material.png)

The top half of the properties are described below, while the bottom half shows the materials contained in the current model.

| Property | Description |
| :--- | :--- |

> | DumpMaterial | When you are not satisfied with the material that comes with the model file and want to modify it, you need to enable this option to dump the material files in the file structure directory out of the model assets so that you can adjust and modify the materials. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| DumpMaterial | It is possible to customize or modify the material that comes with the model file. Enable this option to dump the material files in the file structure directory out of the model assets for modifying the materials. |
```

> | Dumper Directory | Here you can specify or view the directory location for the dumped files. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Dumper Directory | Specify or view the directory location for the dumped files. |

```

- Click the **-** button in the red box on the image to delete the currently selected animation file

### Material Module

![mesh_material](mesh/mesh_material.png)

The top half of the properties are described below, while the bottom half shows the materials contained in the current model.

| Property | Description |
| :--- | :--- |

> | DumpMaterial | It is possible to customize or modify the material that comes with the model file. Enable this option to dump the material files in the file structure directory out of the model assets for modifying the materials. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Dump material | It is possible to customize or modify the material that comes with the model file. Enable this option to dump the material files in the file structure directory out of the model assets for modifying the materials. |
```

> | Dumper Directory | Specify or view the directory location for the dumped files. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Material dumper directory | Specify or view the directory location for the dumped files. |
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| Use vertex colors | Whether to use vertex colors. |
| Depth-write if blending | Enable depth-write when Alpha mode is **Blend**. |

### FBX 模块

![mesh material](mesh/mesh_fbx.png)

| Property | Description |
| :--- | :--- |

> | Compatible with v1.x | If this option is checked, the import of models will be compatible with Cocos Creator 3D version 1.x. **Note**: enabling this option may affect assets that have already been imported and are used/referenced. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
